=head1 NAME

Class::MakeMethods::Template::ReadMe - About this Module


=head1 SYNOPSIS

  package MyObject;
  use Class::MakeMethods::Template::Hash (
    'new'       => 'new',
    'string'    => 'foo',
    'number'    => 'bar',
  );
  
  package main;   
 
  my $obj = MyObject->new( foo => "Foozle", bar => 23 );
  print $obj->foo();
  $obj->bar(42);


=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module extends the Class::MakeMethods framework by providing an abstract superclass for extensible code-templating method generators.

Common types of methods are generalized into B<template definitions>.
For example, C<Template::Generic>'s C<new> provides a template for
methods that create object instances, while C<Template::Generic>'s
C<scalar> is a template for methods that allow you to get and set
individual scalar values.

Thse definitions are then re-used and modified by various
B<template subclasses>. For example, the C<Template::Hash>
subclass supports blessed-hash objects, while the C<Template::Static>
subclass supports shared data; each of them includes an appropriate
version of the C<scalar> accessor template for those object types.

Each template defines one or more B<behaviors>, individual
methods which can be installed in a calling package, and B<interfaces>,
which select from those behaviours and indicate the names to install
the methods under.

Each individual meta-method defined by a calling package requires
a B<method name>, and may optionally include other key-value
B<parameters>, which can control the operation of some meta-methods.

=head2 Prerequisites

Requires Class::MakeMethods 1.003.

=head2 Tested Platforms

This release has been tested succesfully on the following platforms:

  5.6.1 on darwin

You may also review the current test results from CPAN-Testers:

  http://testers.cpan.org/search?request=dist&dist=Class-MakeMethods

=head1 VERSION

This is version 1.004 of Class::MakeMethods::Template. 


=head1 INSTALLATION

You should be able to install this module using the CPAN shell interface:

  perl -MCPAN -e 'install Class::MakeMethods::Template'

If this module has not yet been posted to your local CPAN mirror,
you may also retrieve the current distribution from the below
address and follow the normal "gunzip", "tar xf", "cd", "perl Makefile.PL && make test && sudo make install" procedure or your local equivalent:

  http://www.evoscript.org/Class-MakeMethods/



=head1 SEE ALSO

See L<Class::MakeMethods> for an overview of the framework this fits into, and the general calling conventions for C<use> and C<make>.

See L<Class::MakeMethods::Template> for discussion of the code generation features.

If you have used Class::MethodMaker, you will note numerous
similarities. Backward compatibility and conversion documentation
is provded in L<Class::MakeMethods::Emulator::MethodMaker>, available
in a separate distribution on CPAN.


=head1 CREDITS AND COPYRIGHT

=head2 Developed By

  M. Simon Cavalletto, simonm@cavalletto.org
  Evolution Softworks, www.evoscript.org

=head2 Source Material

Inspiration, cool tricks, and blocks of useful code for this module
were extracted from the following CPAN modules:

  Class::MethodMaker, by Peter Seibel.

=head2 Feedback and Suggestions 

Thanks to:

  Martyn J. Pearce
  Scott R. Godin
  Ron Savage
  Jay Lawrence
  Adam Spiers
  Terrence Brannon

=head2 Copyright

Copyright 2002 Matthew Simon Cavalletto. 

Portions copyright 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001 Evolution Online Systems, Inc.

Portions copyright 1996 Organic Online.

Portions copyright 2000 Martyn J. Pearce.

=head2 License

You may use, modify, and distribute this software under the same terms as Perl.

=cut
